Hey Dude welcome back to Lonnie plays
today we're playing some more Temple Run
2 because it's the best freaking game
ever I freaking love this game ever
since I played it I've just been dying
to play it again I've only played it
once since my last temper onto video
so I think I'm like level 4 now I still
don't know what that means but I'm gonna
try to figure it out I want try to look
into these these new things that they
added because I still don't really
understand them but right now I'm just
gonna try to get as far as I can alright
for some reason I don't do as good on
this one as I did I'm old when I'm not
sure if that's like cuz this new game is
harder or if I'm just not used to it or
I don't really know so yeah I'm just
doing horrible save me oh it worked do I
help does that mean I have gems how do
we hit gems is that just an item that
you pick up I don't understand
yeah oh another thing about the last
video I know it was like lagging at some
parts that's just the app um I don't
think it was my video recorder but um
it's just a new app I'm sure they'll fix
it eventually but sugar you go big lag
but I wouldn't complain about it yeah
alright gotta focus gonna get as far as
possible give me that rope that a gym
nope my car are you freaking serious I
just got to the freakin my car save me
oh I'm saved
alright not dead so this is the save me
thing like the resurrection wings ding
I'm so bad
save me I don't have any more gems
hundred seven thousand alright let's try
again I'm not gonna die I'm not gonna
die if I say it I think it might work I
mean oh wow that was weird I guess I
can't hold the film
Mustard's it low I'm sure you guys love
looking at the top of my head right
there's Sun there's like literally no
point of facecam and this one playing
like an iPhone game but hi Kiki I see go
thank you are you doing I'm busy
nobody I mean I want you you look at me
all you want but I mean you might not
want there's a gym now I understand okay
so it's just an item you just pick them
up or you can buy them if you're a
weirdo but all right
so that's sort of make sense so if I
just see a green jersey I grab them and
then you can use them as a resurrection
wing it's kind of weird but all right
it's kind of cool actually because then
you can't just buy like a thousand
resurrection wings once you have a bunch
of coins because that's what I did the
other one there's a shield I don't think
I've ever gotten this this powerup ah
are you freaking serious I got that Jim
so I'm gonna resurrect myself I don't
even care I don't even wanna talk about
it I felt like you did to sing that to
get my point across some more more all
right I still love the zip on freakin
sweet
people who say that this was an
unnecessary sequel or a complaining
about it oh no one cares about what
you're thinking okay I did that by
accident but oh you just lean to turn in
a minecart okay I get it I was still
like swiping I don't have anymore jams
I got gem collector and stingy thank God
I'm stingy
all right that's like the same freakin
score when you don't succeed try try
again okay I'll try one more time mr.
ghost enthusiast the optimistic Gould
give me those coins why can't I turn why
would you let him try ah up the stairs
under the thingy to the right under the
other thing that looks identical to the
last this is friggin making a soul
stressed out I just want to be the
temporal master is that too much to ask
oh I got a coin magnet I've never gotten
one in this game looks different looks
kinda cool you know oh that always
tricked me
I always think you're still supposed to
go forward when the when the road ends I
don't know why I think that but whatever
I really do you buy the power-ups in
this game cuz I haven't bought new
power-ups and I've had them all now like
am I supposed to like upgrade them again
okay I'll check after this and see if
there's anything because I think there
is a store but I haven't looked at it
and I want to understand more cuz you
have to understand the game before you
can become a pro Oh high score ah okay
minecart I'm not good at the minecart
obviously but my carts hard okay okay
there we go girl
no duck that doesn't even look like a
duck thing not like a quack-quack duck
you know but like a like a dang it
do I have it I have a gem sweet all
right all right
serious business why are you turning
what the frickin balls Oh was that do
you not turn my you're invincible or
something this is freaking stressful
Otto wanna die dude okay okay I miss
that power up but no big deal I guess no
big deal okay all right we're doing fine
this is easy it's got the routine down
yeah get that zipline give me those
Colin's are there different colors of
coins um there's so much about that no I
told you that always tricks me whatever
dang and I don't have any more freakin
gems cheap death sprinkler
congratulations on the region level four
okay cool I got 3,000 coins and no level
forward I like that it shows you the
objectives um upgrades what's upgrades
select your power-ups swipe to change
characters upgrade your abilities oh so
there are stuff like that that's kind of
cool look at that in a later video cuz
we've been going on for a while thanks
for watching lobby plays